# Known Plaintext AttackThis program simulates a Known Plaintext Attack (KPA) of a Playfair encryption. The program inputs one or more plaintextand resulting ciphertext pairs, and outputs a resulting 5x5 Playfair Matrix. The program also asks for additional ciphertext the user may want to decrypt with the resulting matrix. ## FILESThe program should be located in a single directory with 8 files, including: * Driver.java – takes in user input, and compiles a list of sequences and rules that occur* Pair.java - implementing a Pair object, 2 letters of plaintext and 2 letters of resulting ciphertext* PlayfairMatrix.java - constructs a 5x5 matrix using rules and sequences found in the Driver* Decrypt.java - decrypts ciphertext into plaintext given the playfair matrix* makefile – compiles, runs, and cleans the program* README – information about the program* input.txt – user input for plaintext and ciphertext pairs used by the program* ciphertext.txt – user input for additional ciphertext to be decrypted by the program## COMPILE AND EXECUTETo begin, the user should open a Linux or Unix-like terminal inside the directory of files. Run the command “make” to compile all the java files. Next, run the command “make run” to execute the program. Finally, run the command “make clean” to clean the directory of class files before compiling the program again.## USER TEXT DATAThe user should input their plaintext and ciphertext pairs in the input.txt file. The first line should be the plaintext, the second line should be the resulting ciphertext, and a single newline character should separate each line. Inputting plaintext with white space, special characters and numbers is acceptable since these will all be removed, as Playfair encryption is only relevant to the letters. The program will automatically convert every “J” into an “I”, add an “X” in between two consecutive occurring letters, and append a “Z” to the end of the text if the length is not an even number, as per rules of Playfair. Inputting ciphertext with special characters and whitespace is acceptable, however if the letters that occur in the ciphertext do not match with the given plaintext in terms of length, the program will output “Invalid plain/ciphertext combination.” ## ADDITIONAL CIPHERTEXT DATAIf the user wishes for the program to decrypt additional ciphertext, each line of ciphertext can be placed inside the “ciphertext.txt” file. Each line should be separated by a newline character.  ## PROGRAM INSTRUCTIONSThe program will output trigraph (3 letters) and pentagraph (5 letter) sequences occurring in the Playfair matrix, as well as rules for letters belonging in the same row or column. The program will also output the resulting matrix found using these rules and other algorithms implemented in PlayfairMatrix.java. If the entire Playfair matrix is found, the program will use the matrix to decrypt any additional ciphertext found in ciphertext.txt. If the Playfair matrix is not found in its entirety, an incomplete matrix will be print to the console along with a list of missing letters. The program will cease execution at this point. ## KNOWN BUGSThe program may not accept text with newline characters as input for plaintext or ciphertext. The program may not always output a complete 5x5 Playfair matrix. The user should input as many plaintext and ciphertext combinations as possible (more text or more pairs) for a better chance at finding a Playfair matrix in its entirety. ## AUTHORS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTThis program was written by Nicholas Hawkins (JMU e-ID: hawkinng) for CS 457 at James Madison University. 